---
tags:
  - note
  - english
course:
  - subject: English
  - courseId: English 1110
  - name: English Composition I
  - instructor: Joee Goheen
  - days: M,W
date: 2023-09-20
notes:
---

# __Questions A Group__

#### Breakup Letter

1. Who is the audience?
	1. Significant other. 
2. What is the purpose?
	1. To end a relationship with said person.
3. What is the form/conventions of form
	1.  In person
4. What are the rules / conventions of form
	1. Be respectful, don't talk about other people 
5. What are some common platitudes / phrases?
	1. "I don't think this is going to work out"
	2. "Its not you its me"
6. What would break the rules/what would you **NOT** say
	1.  Being derogatory, disrespectful, not even saying anything at all, over text
7. Can you think of a good example or a bad one?
	1.  On an anniversary my friend had it happen to his relationship of 4 years. Just really bad time


#### **PROMPT**

> Write about a time when you or someone else responded to a situation inappropriately

---

At work, there are a few residents that like to cause a lot of trouble, and one in particular really likes to do what they can to give you a hard time. Eventually I would end up ignoring them and doing default things rather than trying to listen to their requests. which I would say I did not respond well there. But where I did was when the same resident ran their hand up my side molesting me in which I quickly moved away to escape her. 


## Writing Myths

1. "Paint by Numbers"
	1. Writers believe they must preform certain steps in a particular order
2. Perfect first drafts
	1. Nuh uh, you don't need a perfect first draft
	2. We put unrealistic expectations on early  drafts, either by focusing too much on the impossible task of making them perfect (which can put a cap on the development of our ideas), or by making too little effort because we don't care or know about their inevitable problems
3. Some have it, I don't mentality
	1. False 
			Example: I know I can draw. I just need to put the effort into it even though I know I suck and don't want to due to that
4. Five Paragraph Essay
	1. Great tool, but you Don't always need to use 5 paragraphs, more or less may be needed depending on complexity of the thesis
5. Don't use "I"
	1. you can, in moderation. it doesn't have to be 100% objective because it cant

# **Academic Writing Situation**

#### Who is your audience?

 - Primarily the professor and possibly your classmates

