# Identities

[[Understanding Rhetoric -  Graphic Guide to Writing]] Review

- School (Sheltered/Formal)
- Friends (Open/Informal)
- Work (Open/Formal)
- Online (Closed/Informal)
- My own identity while completely alone (???)
- osu! community (Objective, Competitive/informal)
- MtG with friends (Competitive / Informal)
- Music


- MtG
- osu!
- Linux
- Counter Strike


[[Is Google Making Us Stupid]] Reflection questions

- Who is the Audience
	- General Public 
- What is the tone
	- Informative/Argumentative
- Identify Carr's claim or thesis
	- The use of the internet has massively changed humanity and how we go about acquiring information. but this can come at a cost of shorter attention span and inability to focus on long passages of text
- Find Two supports to his argument
	- Access to information is super readily available, making content surfing quicker shortening time to read, and therefore the want to read a lot of information gets much smaller
- Do you think he makes a good or bad argument, explain and provide an example
	- I think he made a fairly good argument, as I can personally relate to this 
		- > [Scott Karp, who writes a blog about online media](http://publishing2.com/), recently confessed that he has stopped reading books altogether. “I was a lit major in college, and used to be [a] voracious book reader,” he wrote. “What happened?” He speculates on the answer: “What if I do all my reading on the web not so much because the way I read has changed, i.e. I’m just seeking convenience, but because the way I THINK has changed?"
		- I too have had this happen, I used to be able to read a 300 page novel in a day, multiple days in a row, and now I struggle to get through a single chapter of The Hobbit
- According to Carr, what has been the effect of the internet how we read think and live? Evidence and other examples required
	-  It changes the way we think (see above quote), the time example is a great example
- Is Google too powerful? How does Carr support or challenge this assertion
	1.  Supports it, mostly by talking about how Google is "motivated by a desire to use technology, in Eric Schmidt’s words, 'to solve problems that have never been solved before,'" You can quickly change how you want to get your information making the power of the search engine limited to the amount of people using the search engine 
- Other Viewpoints
	- Socrates
- Why Does Carr use the 2001 space odyssey example in the beginning and end?
	1. First of all, it keeps the reader engaged. But it also uses a piece of media from a time WAY before the internet was even thought to be able to to exist creating a parallel between media 50+ years old and now showing how people are becoming more and more reliant on technology, possibly becoming our downfall.


# Guilty Pleasures

- Rhythm Games
- Learning about useless information for hours 
- Heavily dislike current pop music/rap as it feels like its lost its emotion / meaning 
- 