---
"up::": "[[Rhetoric]]"
tags:
  - note
  - english
subject: English
courseId: English 1110
name: English Composition I
instructor: Joee Goheen
days: M,W
date:
  "{ date }":
---
# Analyzing Rhetorically - Prevalence of racial stereotypes in videogames

1. Purpose - Inform about the prejudice and 
2. Audience - 
3. Genre - Informative Analytical essay
4. Tone - Unbiased, Dry, Factual, Straightforward
5. Diction - Informative, Statistical
6. Kairos - Study was done in 2009, at the peak of the video game vs violence craze
7. Arguments - There is a lot of prejudice and stereotypes in video games
8. Supports - 
9. Evidence - Lots of statistics, 50% of all are white, and people of other races are in the foreground
10. Rhetorical appeals? Ethos? Pathos? Logos? Provide and example
	1. Logos, very statistical based, informative, attempts to be as objective as possible
11. Other Rhetorical Strategies?
	1. 
12. How do you feel about this text? Is it reliable?
	1. Its fairly reliable, since it uses multiple different studies 
13. Do you think it makes an effective argument?
	1. It is a good argument as it proves it does exist, but doesn't try to persuade you to any opinion


# Analyzing Rhetorically - Notes of a Native Son

1. Purpose - Inform of the challenges of a black person in the 1940s
2. Audience - General public
3. Genre - Diary, PSA
4. Tone - Melancholic, Grief filled, 
5. Diction - 
6. Kairos - Start of the Civil Rights movement era  
7. Arguments - Arguing against the unjust actions taken against him due to his race
8. Supports - Personal Anecdotes
9. Evidence - Personal Anecdotes
10. Rhetorical appeals? Ethos? Pathos? Logos? Provide an example
	1. Ethos and Pathos were very prevalent
11. Other Rhetorical Strategies?
12. How do you feel about this text? Is it reliable?
	1. It seems fairly reliable as it came directly from someone dealing with these issues as they were happening
13. Do you think it makes an effective argument?
	1. Yes, as it shows the struggles of a black person in the 1940s 

---
## Related

---

## References